Update requitites for source build(rust version) (#638)
meilisearch/MeiliSearch: README.md

> If you have the Rust toolchain already installed on your local system, clone the repository and change it to your working directory.
> 
> Pre-requitites:
> ```
> - Rust 1.40.0
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Hello! thank you for your PR! 
meili always compile against latest stable. What do you think about that instead?

```suggestion
If you have the latest stable Rust toolchain already installed on your local system, clone the repository and change it to your working directory.
```

Author: @MarinPostma updated~
